README.md, before:

# FBetterLink
Author:sstteeeenn05
### Say goodbye to Facebook link tracker
<img src="content.png" width="300px" height="300px"/>

## Requirement
Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge

## Installation
Download this repository as zip, and extract it.</br>
<img src="installation_0.png" width="500px"/></br>
Go to the Extensions page of your browser. [Chrome](chrome://extensions) / [Edge](edge://extensions)</br>
<img src="installation_1.png" width="300px"/></br>
Open Developer mode then click "Load unpacked", select the folder which just extracted.</br>
The extension will be installed by your browser.</br>

## How to use?
Just browsing Facebook normally.</br>
The program will automatically change the links.</br>
The link without Facebook tracker will be marked by a blue tag.</br>
It may like this:</br>
<img src="example.png" width="300px"/></br>
If you see this, congratulations, you can enjoy clicking link without Facebook tracking.

### You can alse check which link was changed in console:
<img src="console.png" width="300px"/>

Commit message:

update installation in readme
--add release installation

README.md, after:

# FBetterLink
Say goodbye to Facebook link tracker<br/>
<img src="content.png" width="300px" height="300px"/>

## Requirement
Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge

## Release Installation
Go to Release of this repository.<br/>
<img src="release_installation_0.png" width="800px"/>

Download FBetterLink_(version).crx<br/>
<img src="release_installation_1.png" width="800px"/>

Go to the Extensions page of your browser. [Chrome](chrome://extensions) / [Edge](edge://extensions)<br/>
Drag and drop the crx file to the page.<br/>
<img src="release_installation_2.gif" width="800px"/>

The extension will be installed by your browser.

## Non-Release Installation (For Test only)
Download this repository as zip, and extract it.<br/>
<img src="non_release_installation_0.png" width="600px"/>

Go to the Extensions page of your browser. [Chrome](chrome://extensions) / [Edge](edge://extensions)<br/>
<img src="non_release_installation_1.png" width="300px"/>

Open Developer mode then click "Load unpacked", select the folder which just extracted.<br/>
The extension will be installed by your browser.

## How to use?
Just browsing Facebook normally.<br/>
The program will automatically change the links.<br/>
The link without Facebook tracker will be marked by a blue tag.<br/>
It may like this:<br/>
<img src="example.png" width="300px"/><br/>
If you see this, congratulations, you can enjoy clicking link without Facebook tracking.

### You can alse check which link was changed in console:
<img src="console.png" width="300px"/>
